Hey ladies it's me and I decided that
I'm gonna do a review of the
down where so this is Harlem 125 s my
which means special made a key which is
14 @ you see it um this is a onesie
there's the color all right here you
can't really see but it's a 1b and if
you watch the video I don't know what I
my name it because I still it's probably
gonna be something like natural hair
whatever if you watch the video with the
natural hair and we've blend quickly
something like that you'll see that I
talked about the herring lap but I just
here and I like it barely shades just a
few strands here and now I like it for
the most players you can see my hair is
on the raft right now so let's see it
can be wrapped like it's some real hell
and when you brush it down everything it
does look real so let's do that I'm
going to brush it down and and I'm gonna
say style it but you know put a part in
it and do it I will but that's all i'ma
do right now just brush it down for
y'all so you can see how real and how
natural it looks
okay so there we go I put a little part
down the middle and there you go you see
how natural it looks how natural it
falls I've been wearing it like three
days now so it's nice and natural
looking and very blended you can't
really c or c or tell that is we've so
that's the best thing about this
hairstyle this is like the best
hairstyle to do but if you want your
hair to grow I jail mine down but the
best thing to do is breathe it that's
the way your hair gonna grow braided
grease it and so you Yvonne I'm I never
tried to braid my own health and I never
sold in but it doesn't look that
complicated there's youtube videos on
how to sew but i will try one day and
when I do I will show y'all but that's
the best thing I would say to do instead
of putting jail so I might try that next
so this is Harlem 125 I might give 16
inch put that in the back in this 14
inch on top or something but this is the
heart of 125 i definitely recommend the
hair I like it it was affordable for me
so I'll get it again like I said if you
watch the other video this 14 inch was
399 and she has 16 inch were like 34 or
36 99 but this is harlan 125 i hope this
review was helpful and I hope everything
I said was helpful and I will be seeing
you ladies soon of course with another
video on I don't know what whatever i do
but i will be seeing you ladies soon and
thanks for watching